1.2.0 release (#107)
GPP-Woo/GPP-zoeken: CHANGELOG.rst

Release notes
=============

2.1.0 (2025-09-01)
==================

Upgrade procedure
-----------------

.. warning:: Manual intervention required.

    The elastic search mappings are updated to store the publication date (``gepubliceerd_op``) of

>     documents, publications and topics (which is a carbon copy of the ``registratiedatum`` as a convince field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    documents, publications and topics (which is a carbon copy of the ``registratiedatum`` as a convenience field)
```

    To make sure that this new property contains the ``registratiedatum`` of existing indexed documents either:

>     * re-index them from the GPP-publicatiebank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * re-index them from the GPP-publicatiebank (version 2.0.0 or newer)
```

    * or run the migration script in the container:

        .. code-block:: bash

            python /app/src/manage.py sync_publication_date

Features
--------

> * [:issue:`100`] extend the publication, document and topic documents with extra date fields.
>          All three documents gain the field ``gepubliceerd_op`` and the publication document
>          additionally gains the fields ``datum_begin_geldigheid`` and ``datum_einde_geldigheid``.
>          This feature also includes these fields fields to be included as search parameters in the
>          search endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:issue:`100`] Added more date fields to publication, document and topic search documents.
  All three documents gain the field ``gepubliceerd_op`` and the publication document
  additionally gains the fields ``datum_begin_geldigheid`` and ``datum_einde_geldigheid``.
  You can now also query/filter on these fields in the search endpoint.
```

> * [:issue:`101`] Altered the field used for sorting the order of the search endpoint from ``laatst_gewijzigd_datum``
>          to the newly added ``gepubliceerd_op`` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:issue:`101`] Chronological ordering of search results is now done on the ``gepubliceerd_op`` field
   rather than ``laatst_gewijzigd_datum``.
```
